A lot of my inspiration comes from myself. Particularly, I'm a designer
so I just sometimes just sit by myself and I think, "Well, what problems
does the world need taking care of?" You know, like, there's
water that needs to be had in Africa or there's, I don't know, a building
that needs to be built bigger or there needs to be like, a different
type of game that I want to see in multi-person online role-playing
games or something. So, lot of it comes from myself. Of course
I can watch videos like YouTube or I can you know, hear people talking
and then like, get inspirational from that but I think that the
best types of ideas come from, you know, your own past, the things
that you witnessed in your life and then you make new things, something
that no one has ever thought of. Those are the best types of ideas
that I think should be created.